# FastAPI MongoDB Project

This project is built using FastAPI with MongoDB for database operations. It provides various endpoints for user authentication, registration, password management, and email verification.

## Project Structure

The project follows a structured approach to organize its files and directories:

- **app/**: Contains the application modules.
- **.env**: Environment variables file for configuration.
- **pyproject.toml**: Poetry configuration file for dependency management.
- **requirements.txt**: List of Python dependencies.
- **poetry.lock**: Dependency lock file generated by Poetry.
- **run.py**: Entry point script for running the application.

## Features

- **User Authentication**: Register, login, and manage user sessions using JWT.
- **Password Management**: Allow users to reset and update their passwords securely.
- **Email Verification**: Verify user emails using OTP for enhanced security.
- **FastAPI Integration**: Utilizes FastAPI for building APIs with modern Python features.
- **MongoDB Integration**: Interacts with MongoDB for data storage and retrieval.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/shehzadfalcon/python-fastApi-socialAuth
   cd python-fastApi-socialAuth
   ```

2. Install dependencies using Poetry:

   ```bash
   poetry install
   ```

3. Set up environment variables:

   - Create a `.env` file in the root directory.
   - Add necessary environment variables like `MONGODB_URI`, `SECRET_KEY`, etc.

4. Run the application:

   ```bash
   poetry run python3 -B run.py
   ```

5. Access the API:

   - Once the application is running, access the API documentation at `http://localhost:8000/docs`.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you find any issues or have suggestions, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
